<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@here/harp-datasource-protocol](./harp-datasource-protocol.md) &gt; [StyleSelector](./harp-datasource-protocol.styleselector.md) &gt; [when](./harp-datasource-protocol.styleselector.when.md)

## StyleSelector.when property

Condition that is applied to feature properties to check if given \[\[Style\]\] this feature should emit geometry of this style.

Conditions are defined using \[\[Array\]\]s describing literals, built-in symbols and function calls: - `["has", string]` returns `true` if the given property exists. - `["get", string]` returns the value of the given feature property with the given name. - `["all", expressions...]` returns `true` if all the sub expressions evaluate to true. - `["any", expressions...]` returns `true` if any sub expression evaluates to true. - `["in", expression, [literals...]]` returns `true` if the result of evaluating the first expression is included in the given `Array` of literals. - `["!", expression]` returns `false` if the sub expression evaluates to `true`<!-- -->. - `["<", expression, expression]` returns `true` if the result of evaluating the first expression is less than the result of evaluating the second expression. - `[">", expression, expression]` returns `true` if the result of evaluating the first expression is greater than the result of evaluating the second expression. - `["<=", expression, expression]` returns `true` if the result of evaluating the first expression is less than or equal the result of evaluating the second expression. - `[">=", expression, expression]` returns `true` if the result of evaluating the first expression is greater than or equal the result of evaluating the second expression. - `["==", expression, expression]` returns `true` if the result of evaluating the first expression is equal the result of evaluating the second expression. - `["!=", expression, expression]` returns `true` if the result of evaluating the first expression is not equal to the result of evaluating the second expression. - `["length", expression]` returns the length of the given expression if it evaluates to a `string` or an `Array`<!-- -->; otherwise, returns `undefined`<!-- -->. - `["~=", expression, expression]` if the expressions evaluate to `string`<!-- -->, returns `true` if the `string` obtained from the first expression contains the `string` obtained from the second expression; otherwise, returns `undefined`<!-- -->. - `["^=", expression, expression]` if the expressions evaluate to `string`<!-- -->, returns `true` if the `string` obtained from the first expression starts with the `string` obtained from the second expression; otherwise, returns `undefined`<!-- -->. - `["$=", expression, expression]` if the expressions evaluate to `string`<!-- -->, returns `true` if the `string` obtained from the first expression ends with the `string` obtained from the second expression; otherwise, returns `undefined`<!-- -->.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
when: string | JsonExpr;
```
